Quite a few of you have applied for, and some have even been admitted to, the co-op program. To help
your lazy co-op coordinator (please note that I’m not referring to an actual person here), a new co-op
support application is needed with two main functions.

First, it should allow the applicants to apply for provisional acceptance by supplying name, student id,
and email address. The co-op coordinator will then review all applications, check the requirements, and
provisionally accept or reject applicants as appropriate. At some later date, the requirements will be
checked again, and final decision about the acceptance will be made.

Second, successful applicants should be able to log in and submit your report for the work term they’ve
just finished. Again, some log in credentials should be supplied. The report should be in the form of a
PDF file; the system may offer a suitable template to help you do it. There should be a deadline for doing
that, depending on the actual dates of the work term.

Moreover, your supervisor from work should provide the so-called employer evaluation of your
behavior, skills, knowledge, and attitude during the work term. This can be done by filling in a paper
version of the report and scanning it to a PDF which is then submitted (most companies have the
necessary facilities). Alternatively, an online form containing that same information can be filled in.
Either way, your work supervisor should be able to create an account and log in to it before submitting
the evaluation or filling in the online form.

Reporting should include listing the applicants, listing those accepted or rejected for both provisional
and final acceptance, listing the students with and without reports and/or evaluations submitted, and
perhaps the facility for sending email reminders to those who have not submitted their reports on time.
For added fun, consider that some people may actually get rejected from their co-op assignments, and
develop facilities to keep track of that. Feel free to devise your own approach to handling this situation.